---
layout: post
---

### Freedom
Hereby it’s meant, that nobody is forced to work for his living or pursue other commitments. In fact with the help of modern technology it would be possible to automate unpleasant or physical demanding operations to avoid health risks on the workforce. This would also offer the time for further education and individual fulfillment.
In a realization the community should provide nourishment, accommodation and all other goods and services.
Though this may sound like a permanent vacation, humans creativity and curiosity sustains and push the progress forward.

### Creativity
Nowadays the urge to be creative gets suppressed by a shortage of time. The [here]({{ site.baseurl }}/2017/05/12/How.html) described right for freedom solves this problem.
The creative work of every member become the goods of the society. These get utilize to finance freedom.
Of course the society provides for all feasible projects of its members. Therefore these projects have to be registered to give the society the possibility to support and utilize them.
It must be pointed out that the society has an immediate claim for every replicable works. Concerning physical objects the administration falls to the society, as far as the creator or other users raise no claim.

### Curiosity
At first a basic education, which prepares for all important parts of life, is obligatory. This education begins with the parents raising. That's why parents-to-be get prepared, for this difficult task, in time. In the case that they don’t feel up  to deal with this task, the society will undertake this duty, to ensure the freedom of the parents.
Additionally everybody gets the possibility to fathom their areas of interest. This is necessary to ensure everybody finds their calling.
The choice of the specialisation takes place according to personal interests. Over the whole lifetime it’s possible to retrain to every other profession.
The learning experience is individually fitted and application-oriented. Therefore education, tailored on the own interests and fortes, is ensured.
